look of a radio going but I'm not
hearing anything either this guy is
farther away than i thought the monsoons
messing with the transmission this may
take a while but don't worry I have
something for you to do in the meantime
we're running very low on food and water
think you can find some sure okay then
don't bother with a hotel the pair out
it's way too dangerous in there check
the bars by the swimming pools bring
everything you can find anything at all
okay in the meantime I'll keep trying to
reach this guy
need something else to fight with
how's the search goin mate that's all
there was oh bloody hell I won't do we
need to find more